Fixed #34808 -- Documented aggregate default argument in 4.2 docs (#17253)
django/django: docs/ref/models/querysets.txt

    * Default alias: ``<field>__avg``
    * Return type: ``float`` if input is ``int``, otherwise same as input

>       field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. 
>     * Returns ``None`` for empty querysets or groups.
> 

Reviewer: This isn't quite right - it doesn't return `None`, it returns the value provided in `default`. Also, the "return type" isn't quite correct as it potentially could be `None`.

Perhaps something like the following would be better?

```suggestion
      field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. If the queryset or grouping is
      empty, ``default`` is returned, which is ``None`` by default
```

    Returns the maximum value of the given expression.

    * Default alias: ``<field>__max``

>     * Return type: same as input field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. 
>     * Returns ``None`` for empty querysets or groups.

Reviewer: Ditto:

```suggestion
    * Return type: same as input field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. If the
      queryset or grouping is empty the value of ``default`` is returned, which
      is ``None`` by default
```

    Returns the minimum value of the given expression.

    * Default alias: ``<field>__min``

>     * Return type: same as input field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. 
>     * Returns ``None`` for empty querysets or groups.

Reviewer: Ditto:
```suggestion
    * Return type: same as input field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. If the
      queryset or grouping is empty the value of ``default`` is returned, which
      is ``None`` by default
```

    * Default alias: ``<field>__stddev``
    * Return type: ``float`` if input is ``int``, otherwise same as input

>       field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. 
>     * Returns ``None`` for empty querysets or groups.

Reviewer: Ditto:
```suggestion
      field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. If the queryset or grouping is
      empty the value of ``default`` is returned, which is ``None`` by default
```

    Computes the sum of all values of the given expression.

    * Default alias: ``<field>__sum``

>     * Return type: same as input field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. 
>     * Returns ``None`` for empty querysets or groups.

Reviewer: Ditto:
```suggestion
    * Return type: same as input field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. If the
      queryset or grouping is empty the value of ``default`` is returned, which
      is ``None`` by default
```

    * Default alias: ``<field>__variance``
    * Return type: ``float`` if input is ``int``, otherwise same as input

>       field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. 
>     * Returns ``None`` for empty querysets or groups.

Reviewer: Ditto:
```suggestion
      field, or ``output_field`` if supplied. If the queryset or grouping is
      empty the value of ``default`` is returned, which is ``None`` by default
```
